Populating api-types & concepts (#254)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension: site-src/api-types/inferencemodel.md

## Background

An InferenceModel allows the Inference Workload Owner to define:

> - Which Model/LoRA adapter(s) to consume .

Reviewer: An unfortunate part of our docs generation is that we need an empty new line before a list starts - take a look at https://deploy-preview-254--gateway-api-inference-extension.netlify.app/api-types/inferencemodel/. (x-ref https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension/issues/183)

Author: Ack, good to know!

  - Mapping from a client facing model name to the target model name in the InferencePool.
  - InferenceModel allows for traffic splitting between adapters _in the same InferencePool_ to allow for new LoRA adapter versions to be easily rolled out.
- Criticality of the requests to the InferenceModel.

> - The InferencePools this InferenceModel is relevant to.

Author: removed, this line is no longer true actually

## Spec

> The full spec of the InferenceModel is defined [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/inferencemodel_types.go).

Reviewer: Recommend linking to /reference/spec/#inferencemodel
```suggestion
The full spec of the InferenceModel is defined [here](/reference/spec/#inferencemodel).
```
